Possible other direction we could take this:

Instead of a 3d cult simulation adventure game we could make a 2d cult simulation strategy game. 

It could be turn based or real time (my preference)

Here is how I see a game going:

1) you pick your starting presence
	-B) Ah it looks like the rich city goers of B have made many temples to the gods. This would be a difficult start had they not selfishly and greedily concentrated all the weath with their rich aristocracy. B denotes a slum where our concepts of equality before Bezulthian would be well received.

	-C) Oh look, the rich trade going through the area has taken the Old Road through the scary forest! Although the forest isn't evil (yet) several bandits have capitalized on the situation. They are not religious men, but all mortal hearts are entombed in gold chains no? Make them rich and they will willingly capture more travelers for your rituals!

	-A) How pastural! The sleepy agricultural suburb of A hasn't known war in many a year because of their proximity to the large city. Unfortunately for them, their safety has resulted in their neglect of the local shrine. It would be horrible if someone corrupted it while they weren't looking, right?

2) You expand your operations, snagging travelers, disrupting or helping trade, and gaining a foot hold in large civilized areas. Little by little the fools learn to dread the night. 

3) Be careful though! Every person and location you corrupt increases you likelihood of being caught! The inquisition never sleeps!

4) Praise be onto Bezulthain! Hallowed be his horrid name! He comes... but he needs a little help :P

The maps would be much, much larger than this, having multiple cities and armies, preists, wandering merchants, farmers, ships, wild beasts, bandits, natural disasters, rivers, etc. 

I think it would be cool to have a balance between overt evil and subtle discomfort, biding your time to reveal the name of Bezulthian. Corrupt the land, its people, the trees the whole geography. Every tile could have an evil side!

